README.md, before:

# Brave Android Browser

## Building the Browser

### System Requirements

- Any Linux Version
- [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install/#linux-tab)
- [ninja](https://ninja-build.org/)

### Preparing the Build Environment

1. Clone Chromium's depot_tools repository:

   `git clone https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/tools/depot_tools.git`

2. Add the absolute path of the cloned directory to the end of your PATH variable (You may want to put this in ~/.bashrc or ~/.zshrc.). Assuming you cloned depot_tools to /path/to/depot_tools:

   `export PATH=$PATH:/path/to/depot_tools`

3. Create a browser-android-tabs parent directory:

   `mkdir browser-android-tabs`

4. Switch to the directory you just created:

   `cd browser-android-tabs`

5. Clone the repository to the src subdirectory:

   `git clone https://github.com/brave/browser-android-tabs.git src`

6. Switch to the directory you just cloned:

   `cd src`

7. Execute the scripts/getThirdParties.js script:

   `sh scripts/getThirdParties.js`

8. Enter information as requested by the script. When asked to create a file for arguments, use [this gn file](https://github.com/brave/browser-android-tabs/wiki/Sample-gn-file-for-debug).

### Making the Build

From the browser-android-tabs/src directory, execute the following:

   `ninja -C out/Default chrome_public_apk`

And to deploy it to your Android device:

   `build/android/adb_install_apk.py out/Default/apks/Brave.apk`

## Debugging

- See [https://www.chromium.org/developers/how-tos/debugging-on-android](https://www.chromium.org/developers/how-tos/debugging-on-android) for the general debug process.

- See [https://www.chromium.org/developers/android-eclipse-dev](https://www.chromium.org/developers/android-eclipse-dev) to configure the Eclipse IDE.

Commit message:

Make note of a build limitation.
More specifically, add an entry to the README file about it. The
limitation in question is an incompatibility with encrypted file systems,
such as those used for home directories on Ubuntu.

README.md, after:

# Brave Android Browser

## Building the Browser

### System Requirements

- Any Linux Version
- [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install/#linux-tab)
- [ninja](https://ninja-build.org/)

### Preparing the Build Environment

1. Clone Chromium's depot_tools repository:

   `git clone https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/tools/depot_tools.git`

2. Add the absolute path of the cloned directory to the end of your PATH variable (You may want to put this in ~/.bashrc or ~/.zshrc.). Assuming you cloned depot_tools to /path/to/depot_tools:

   `export PATH=$PATH:/path/to/depot_tools`

3. Create a browser-android-tabs parent directory:

   `mkdir browser-android-tabs`

4. Switch to the directory you just created:

   `cd browser-android-tabs`

5. Clone the repository to the src subdirectory:

   `git clone https://github.com/brave/browser-android-tabs.git src`

6. Switch to the directory you just cloned:

   `cd src`

7. Execute the scripts/getThirdParties.js script:

   `sh scripts/getThirdParties.js`

8. Enter information as requested by the script. When asked to create a file for arguments, use [this gn file](https://github.com/brave/browser-android-tabs/wiki/Sample-gn-file-for-debug).

### Making the Build

From the browser-android-tabs/src directory, execute the following:

   `ninja -C out/Default chrome_public_apk`

And to deploy it to your Android device:

   `build/android/adb_install_apk.py out/Default/apks/Brave.apk`

### Known Limitations

- The browser will not compile in an encrypted file system.

## Debugging

- See [https://www.chromium.org/developers/how-tos/debugging-on-android](https://www.chromium.org/developers/how-tos/debugging-on-android) for the general debug process.

- See [https://www.chromium.org/developers/android-eclipse-dev](https://www.chromium.org/developers/android-eclipse-dev) to configure the Eclipse IDE.
